1. You must apply all techniques learned throughout the class. You should refer to the Web Standards Curriculum and the textbook Developing w/Web Standards. In particular, the use of web standards and addressing accessibility and usability must be at the forefront of your work.
Our website uses PHP, HTML with CSS and Smarty, Javascript and jQuery, all the major topics covered in lecture.

2. You must separate content (HTML) from style definitions (CSS) and behavior (JavaScript). You should have no inline styles and no inline Javascript.
All CSS and Javascript are contained in the css and js directories, we do not use inline styles. 

3. All HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and PHP code must be valid. In the case of HTML, you must use the strict doctype of HTML or XHTML. All code must be properly documented, indented, and styled (e.g. variable and functions must have descriptive names). The only exception to this is the HTML code that is dynamically generated by your PHP programs; such HTML code need not be indented for readability.
Our HTML validates using the HTML5 checker

4. You must use jQuery in non-trivial ways to add behavior to your website. Do so unobtrusively. You may be asked to show your website with JavaScript disabled to demonstrate how it behaves. If appropriate, you are allowed to have functionality that is only available when JavaScript is enabled/supported in the browser. However, you should also have alternative ways to provide essential information to users who choose to use your website with JavaScript disabled.
We use jQuery prominently on two pages: 
* index.php: the lot list items are updated every 30 seconds with fresh data using AJAX. If JS is disabled, the page still displays correctly, the data is just not refreshed. 
* Eventcalender.php: the calendar itself is a jQuery plugin, and the box to the right of the calender is populated via AJAX. If JS is disabled, no calendar is shown, but the table below the calendar showing upcoming events is still there to provide information.

5. Your website must meet certain accessibility levels. Refer to corresponding articles of the WSC and chapters on the book DwWS. More details will be provided on steps you must take to make your website content accessible.

6. You must have web pages generated dynamically from information stored in a database. You must incorporate the use of HTML forms to request information from the person using the website. This information is to be stored in the database and the website must use that information (and other information found in the database) to generate pages dynamically. The use of forms should not be the only way in which your website is dynamic.
Dynamically generated data is all over the website: the home page lot elements are dynamically generated based on user preferences, the lot detail page selects data from the database based on the lot GET parameter, the event calendar's event table is generated from the database. 
Forms are used to create a user account and edit the user settings, and to submit feedback. 

7. You must provide two different website stylesheets that are original and created by the team. You will design two designs for the same website and thus create two different stylesheets. The designs must be different in how components of your website are laid out on the page (i.e. navigation is horizontal across the page in one layout, whereas it is on the left side of the page in the second layout). The colors and typography may also be different in order to show significant changes of the website. The website must clearly look different and original under the two different stylesheets in order to satisfy this requirement.
The desktop version of the site uses the regular stylesheet, located in css/rtp.css. Mobile devices should automatically display the site using the mobile stylesheet (css/rtp.mobile.css) which significantly modifies the layout and appearance of the site. The color scheme changes, layout becomes more horizontal oriented, and the home page becomes a simple list of parking lots. 

8. You are encouraged to use and reference other resources (websites, books, magazines), however, you must always provide adequate citation to resources used; this should include the location of the resource, a brief description of what you used from it, when you accessed/obtained it, and what its license is. You must use only resources whose license explicitly states that you can use and/or resources for which you own the license or have obtained permission to use from the license holder.
jQuery plugins?

9. Some of the web pages in your website must use HTML 5 and CSS 3. You need to consider what features of HTML 5 you want to use in these pages, but they need to be features that are found only within HTML 5 and that add value to your website. Similarly, you will use CSS 3 on these pages and you need to use parts of CSS 3 that are new in CSS 3.
We use an HTML5 doctype and several new HTML5 elements, like nav, header and footer, in our site layout. Our forms also make use of HTML5 input types and validation. 
CSS3 is used mostly on the home page, where we style lot elements with border-radius's, drop shadows and transparency. 

10. Apply the techniques presented in the Web Standards Curriculum on colour theory, color schemes and design mockups, and typography.
???

11. Every file must be clearly documented with the principal author of the code in that file. If more than one person contributed to the file, then the documentation must clearly state the contributions that each person had in the development of that file.
To do.

12. Your website must be usable in recent versions of web browsers such as: Firefox 7, IE 8 and 9, Safari 5, Safari on iOS, Google Chrome 14. Your website will be tested on some of these browsers, so make sure that you do proper testing as well.
Check.

13. You're encouraged and you will be rewarded for incorporating features of web development not covered in this class. An example would be incorporating Ajax functionality into your website.
Our home page and event calendar pages use AJAX functionality. We also use PDO in various places.

14. All pages in the website must be marked up visibly to announce that the website is a student project. This needs to be clearly visible and should appear near the top of every page on the website. This does not need to come in the way of your design. If this announcement is removed, your website should just work.
Check. 

15. Website must have a web page that describes the website, its design and development. You must include in this page information about the responsibilities that each person in the team had in the creation of the website.
To do.
